Fix Adding Base Media to Custom Channels on SLL (#3086)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/clients-sleses.adoc

[[add.base.media]]
=== Add Base Media

The {sll} software channels only provide updates, not the packages themselves.
To register {sll} clients, first register the {sll} Product (outlined below) to create the base channel, then import the necessary Red Hat or CentOS packages as custom child channels.

> Initial packages must be obtained directly from Red Hat or CentOS before applying updates from {sll}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initial packages must be obtained directly from {redhat} or {centos} before applying updates from {sll}.
```

Author: Thank you, Ornela.

> Importantly, you do not need to maintain your Red Hat subscriptions, but consult your legal department to check for any ongoing payment obligations to Red Hat during migration.

Reviewer: ```
[IMPORTANT]
====You do not need to maintain your {redhat} subscriptions.
Instead, consult your legal department to check for any ongoing payment obligations to {redhat} during migration.
```

> Importantly, you do not need to maintain your Red Hat subscriptions, but consult your legal department to check for any ongoing payment obligations to Red Hat during migration.

Reviewer: ```
[IMPORTANT]
====
You do not need to maintain your {redhat} subscriptions.
Instead, consult your legal department to check for any ongoing payment obligations to {redhat} during migration.
```

.Procedure: Adding Base Media to Custom Channels
. Copy the base media image to the {productname} Server container host to the [path]``/tmp/`` directory.

> . To get the base media image into the {productname} Server container, use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. To get the base media image into the {productname} Server container, use:
```

Author: I had this initially, but removed it before the creation of the PR. Added again. Thank you.
